---
tags:
---
# Object Recognition talks 

## 

##
Human actively generate objects in their peripheral vision

Foveated image => generated image

Test on 3 cognitive factors: single vs cumulated; text guideance; peripheral vs non-periphery

### Dataset 
- RefCOCO-GazeDataset

##
Discriminative inference vs generative inference

0-shot generative classifiers to detect object have properties
- human like shape bias
- near human out of distribution accuracy  
- error consistency 
- perceptual illusions 

## 
schloarpedia.org

yamins (2019)
Simple ood shifts break DNN. They slice the images based on image statistics (hue, lightness, contrast). Train the model on 75th percentile and below, and test on the remaining ones. 

## 

Encoding is creating hypothesis 
Instead, end-to-end training 
Dataset:  Natural Scenes Dataset

Understanding the role of individual units in a deep neural net (david bau)

##
Yamins & hong (2014)

Sensory processing + perceptual priors
Mental imagery
Illusion can reveal priors: 
- llusion elicit late neural activations in early areas 
- feedback has a causal role in activating early layers 


Toosi and Issa (2023): Train using a different algorithm 

## Reading a Graph is Like Reading a Paragraph

# Unveiling the Potential of AI in Understanding Human Vision with Ethical Integration

## Bei Xiao
- material perception using GAN

## Miguel Eckstein
- A survey on AI x Vision

## Thomas Wallis

# Afternoon posters
## The effect of attentional load on modal and amodal completion
- 7T MRI
## “Magnetic Sand” or “Interactivity” Illusions
- hand shaped boundary appeared on noise patterns (moving or even static) even when hand is behind the screen!

## Visual and auditory stimulus features, and their crossmodal correspondence, affects perceptual selection in the bounce/stream illusion
- Black/white balls moving towards each other and cross while sound (low-pitched or high-pitched sound) occurs before/at/after crossing. 

## Are effects of perceptual (dis)fluency on social judgments specific to visual processing?
- A general question is: by changing the lower perceptual features, can it influence judgement?
- By modifying recordings to simulate different microphone qualities, disfluent auditory signals led to lower judgments of intelligence, hireability, credibility, and romantic desirability.

# Eye in the sky: visually-guided navigation in birds
- Dora Biro
- Studies on Homing Pigeons: place motion detector and GPS tracker on them to study how they go back home alone, in pair, or in flock.
